---
title: "基于Python的工程信息交互仿真软件"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2019-10-02-Survey Design in Supporting of Product Design and Development-number-1
excerpt: '这篇论文研究了调查设计在投资者早期识别适当市场机会以及推动产品设计与开发（PD&D）过程中的重要作用。通过介绍产品设计与开发的流程和调查方法学，该研究以一个案例研究项目为例，旨在开发用于检测风力发电机叶片缺陷的非破坏性测试机器人。研究设计了一项调查问卷，并由中国农业大学工学院34名大二本科生在暑期社会调查项目中进行了调查，调查范围覆盖了中国南北部12个省份的28个风电场。研究结果表明，高质量的调查设计对产品设计与开发过程中的商业计划的早期阶段具有显著支持作用。'
date: 2019-10-02
venue: 'November 02'
paperurl: 'http://george-wyy.github.io/files/paper1.pdf'
citation: 'Yin, C., Wang, Y., & Wang, H. (2019). Survey Design in Supporting of Product Design and Development: A Case Study. In _2019 ASABE Annual International Meeting_ (p. 1). American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers.'
---
Survey design plays a key role for investors to identify proper market opportunities in early stage of business plan, and then to motivate subsequent technical activities in product design and development (PD&D) process. Product design and development (PD&D) process includes a series of stages, such as business plan, concept generation, detail design, prototype & test, production, after-sale service, etc. This paper introduced both product design and development (PD&D) processes and survey methodology in Background section. This research introduced a case study product design and development project that was aiming to developing non-destructive testing robots employed for on-site inspecting flaws in wind turbine blades. With focus on the case study project, the author designed a survey and questionnaire, that was afterwards conducted by 34 year-2 undergraduate students in the College of Engineering, China Agricultural University, under a summer vacation social survey program. The survey investigated 28 wind farms in 12 provinces around north and south part of China. This paper reported full cycle of the survey process, including survey purpose, survey design, conducting survey, analyzing data & information, report & suggestions, etc. Research results showed that high quality of survey design significantly supports early stage of business plan in product design and development processes.

[Download paper here](http://george-wyy.github.io/files/paper1.pdf)

Recommended citation: Yin, C., Wang, Y., & Wang, H. (2019). Survey Design in Supporting of Product Design and Development: A Case Study. In _2019 ASABE Annual International Meeting_ (p. 1). American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers.